[Gist]


[Setting - characters]
ok let's start with friedrick. friedrick is an extremely fat hamster that lives with the condiment king. he is also cousins with the twitchy banana man. the scared little banana man and the condiment king are somehow realated, something like brothers once removed with the same grandparents. the condiment king and the banana man are always trying to teach freidrick english but ends up just trying to bite banana mans head off since he is the exact size, shape, and color of a talking banana. the condiment king has a nasty temper and if anyone sneeks up behind him as a joke or on pourpose and startles him he would blast them in the face with his mustard gun which rosiland would have made for him. rosiland is the condiment kings house cleaner but she is also organising his army of little bottles of ketchup and relish. but she can't figure out to make them hold their mininture mustard blasters.                             
		And larry. larry is pretty much just a nobody. he wanders in and out of each room of the condiment kings palace saying absolutly Nothing.he accasionally eats a handful of tomatoes and stares at people. he isn't really related to...well, anyone. and if he is brought up in a conversation people say "oh ya...Larry...that old bat" and then look for another topic. and if anyone asks how he is doing, he stares stares at them intenly, and then slips into shadows and disapears mysteriously. sometimes they stare back because he's just so wierd but for the most part nobody knows how he got there and just ignores him. and he doesn't seem to mind.

<<<<<<< HEAD
[Setting - place]thought

=======

[Setting - place]
by iona:
In a land very very close there was a land called Medieval Candyland. Though the land was sweet and delicious, as it says in it's name, it was medieval and bland for all the candy was old and was boring colors like brown and an off white.
>>>>>>> 4818fed375c9b6d58084476f7a87cb9f0e7da396

[Plot - intro]


[Plot - thickens]
Banana man was now selling bananas at such a furious rate that even with Friedrick and Larry helping they were getting swamped. Condiment king looked on jealously, orderingRoslind to put more dill relish on the candy canes. Unfortunately 
nobody seemed to like this combo except his faithful sister Roslind who assured him it was delicious. Since theCondiment King hadn't eaten any condiments in years he couldn't know for himself. Roslind had been trying to get him to taste his own wares but as usual he refused.
Just then Larry screamed in triumph across the court and, roused from his musings, Condiment king looked up in time to see Larry disintegrate the poor banana he was holding in his claw by breathing a 10 foot tongue of fire at Condiment King's 
mustard shaped food truck. Condiment king felt the wave of heat across the courtyardand frowning angrily, snapped his 
licorice whip. Larry, being a coward at heart, yelped and attempted to crawl into the banana food truck. His wings being as 
long as he was tall, knocked over tables and chairs and shook the truck as he flailed them around uselessly. People were
shrieking and running trying to avoid his wings and his sharp tail barbs. In the span of a few minutes Larry had singlehandedly destroyed most of the furniture and dented many trucks. People were glaring at Condiment King whispering that he had been 
the one who started this. Banana Man looked at him, a frown darkening his usually jolly countanence. He stood up, and leaning heavily on his candy cane, hobbled through the crowds who reverently parted to let the fabled hero pass. Condiment king, 
tiring of the scorn, scowled and snapped his fingers. Banana man disappeared while a gaping hole opened where he had been standing. The crowd gasped and raised their eyes as one to the satisfied Condiment King. Larry, who had been hiding under the truck. screamed in rage and overcoming his cowerdice, flew wildly at the Condiment King breathing long tongues of flame. The Crowd, heartened by the dragon's loyalty roared and surged forward joined by Friedrick, Larry's brother. Condiment King smiled.


[Plot - thickens more]
<<<<<<< HEAD

=======
Banana man jumped onto the table, the door slammed open and two-hundred sweet teeth entered launching deadly jawbreakers everywhere. Banana man bravely drew his sharpened candycane, determined to make a heroic last stand.
	Just as he was succumbing to the deadly barrage of jawbreakers the condiment king entered with an army of sour patch kids. The kids launched a storm of rock candies from their slings. Friedrick, Larry, and Rosalind ran up behind, firing their cake pop guns into the mob. Just then a evil force of warheads descended on the house in parachutes.
>>>>>>> 65b0eaa2aa332d0bbc5ccd687a5c70118a3e1509

[Plot - climax]
--As the dreaded ketchup packet army approached, enraged by the death of thier leader, The Condiment King, prepared to avenge him at all costs. Fredrick, Rosalind, and Banana Man drew their chocolate swords to make a final stand. --Larry stood from a distance, watching the battle play out. One moment it appeared the ketchup army won at last, then the mighty threesome would rise again beating back the seemingly multiplying army. Content with his position, Larry made his move. Catupults rolled into the battlefield, knocking down candy apple trees, trampling licorice fields, until finally they reached thier destination. Fredrick and his friends, to busy fighting for thier lives, didn't notice the machines around them. Loaded with Jawbreakers, Larry commanded his men to rain fire. --Banana Man, fighting with a sharpened Ring Pop now, saw the incoming destruction. Realizing all was lost, Banana Man made a desparate attempt to save his friends. Jumping up, Banana Man would take the blow and prevent it from hitting Fredrick and Rosalind. The blow never came. The Ketchup army stopped. All was silent. --The Condiment King, had spent days in a pit of boiling caramel. With nothing to do but think, The Condiment King realized his mistakes. Swimming free of the confining carraige of caramel, The Condiment King sprinted to the battlefield to make things right. --Blasting away the Jawbreakers, The Condiment King saved Banana Man, Fredrick, and Rosalind. The Ketchup army, baffled by the sight of their leader back from the dead laid down their weapons. Larry, however, was outraged. He had already defeated The Condiment King once, and now he wouuld have to do so again. Knowing he was desperatly outmatched, Larry fled to fight another day.
[Resolution - climax]


[Resolution - finale]
Rosalind aid farwell to the tower that had been her home for the past 5 yaers and moved to the mountains. Fredrick was crownd king and became legondary for his law agenst the trade of stevia. Banana man lived the rest of his days as the court jester. The Condiment king was moved to the dungeon to await his exacution and Larry was dubed knight of the gumy lance.
[Denouement]


The Return of the Condiment King
      The Further Adventures In Candiland As Followed the Wild Adventure detailed beforehand
     
From The Daily Diary of The Condiment King
      All Tresspassers upon my condimentish privacy shall be sprayed with ketchup, mustard, and pickle relish.
      You having been turned into a hotdog, I shall eat you with relish!
      Ha ha ha ha ha!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
      
      Darling, dearest diary . . . . .
           After our condiment haven was nuked, I retreated into the great pickle relish factory.  I am known there as St. Pickles. 
           The workers welcomed me gladly. 
           Those silly fools who blew up our haven thought I was dead.  I made myself a bed of ketchup and a pillow of mustard,
           mayonnaise was my blanket. 
           Pickle relish constituted my clothes, and sriracha and hotsauce made a carpet by my feet.  My condimentish peace was not to last, however . . .
           
           -From the Mad Condiment Diaries, put together by Friedrick the cursed
           Address : 203 Licorice Lane, Lollipopilis, Candiland Planet, The Sweet Solar System, The Milky Way Galaxy, the Universe, 
           Compiled in The Year 4000 A.D.E. (After the Discovery of Electricity) It is now the year 8000 ADE and their time is considered 
           medieval Candiland
           
           ROSALIND
           six months after the "defeat" of the condiment king . . . . .
           
           Rosalind was walking peacefully along the street with Larry the dragon, when she spotted a figure against the perfect beige and white of the candiland sky.  A cape could be clearly seen against it , reading:
           
           
           CONDIMENT KING
           
           Rosalind, stunned by the return of this enemy, let her gaze slide for a moment to the right of this strange sight, 
           to see an even stranger sight.  A golden yellow figure soared through the air, emitting bananas? from its banana shaped boots.
           
           She sprang into action.  Pulling her chocolate communication device (CCD) out of her pocket and called, first
           555 (the emergency number) , then Friedrick's number
                     "Hello," she babbled instantly when the CCD stopped ringing, "Reappearance of CK, help needed chop chop!  
           City block marmalade12!"  
          
            she said the same thing to Friedrick.
            
            She pocketed it and began to wait for Friedrick to arrive.
            
            As she waited the CK began to throw little hand grenades made of condiments,
            (yes, condiments are highly radioactive and can explode if brushed the wrong way) at various places in Lollipopilis.
            
            She began to sweat terribly as she watched places she loved be destroyed.  
            Then she turned, to make sure Larry was okay,
            
            but he was gone!
            
            FRIEDRICK
				
			 Friedrick, now a gorilla,  pulled his plane out of the hanger and down the runway.
			 
			 Would he be late?  he wondered.  Would Rosalind, Bananaman, and Larry already be dead when he got to the scene?
			 
			 BANANAMAN
			 
			 Heroically, with a little flourish, Bananaman pulled his banana sting gun from his belt and peppered 
			 the CK with electrically charged bananas.  They bounced right off his bubble of condiments that the CK controlled with his mind.
			 
			 Bananaman cartwheeled gleefully, (after all, his aim was nearly always poor) and immediately regretted it, since it made his
			 banana rocket boots short-circuit.
			 
			 As he began to plummet, he wondered what his last words would be before he hit the rock candy pavement.  
			 He'd always wanted to die heroically.  This was NOT what he had in mind.
			 
			 LARRY
			 
			 As soon as Larry saw Bananaman, heroically flying in the sky, he began to sprint instinctively
			 towards a barely visible clearing in the distance.  Bananaman needed Larry!  As Larry reached the safe take-off zone
			 he leapt into the air and opened his newly fledged, gorgeous emerald  wings.  It took a few seconds for Larry to get the hang of the wings, but soon he was flying gracefully through the air.
			 
			 BANANAMAN
			 
			 "I'm too young to die!" shrieked Bananaman as he hit what he thought was the pavement.
			 Bananaman opened his eyes to see himself on Larry's back.
			 The CK could be seen in the distance, still bombing the city.
			 
			 Bananaman took a few seconds to recover, then he patted Larry on the back.
			 
			 "Good work!" he cried.  "I owe you my life!"
			 Bananaboy blushed (If a dragon could be said to blush) and blew a well-aimed burst of flame (since a dragon gains control of his flame at the age of fledging) at the CK, disabling the condiment shield.
			 Bananaman knew when to take the stage.
			 
			 He rebooted his boots and shot up to confront the CK.
			 He heard the bananaman theme song start to play, though that may have been his imagination.
			
			INSERT : The bananaman theme song
			(to be sung to the tune of "Yankee doodle", "Jingle bells", "Camptown races" or whatever tune strikes your fancy):
			
			BANANAMAN IS SUPER COOL, HE CAN TAKE WHATEVER HITS HIM.
			 BANANAMAN CAN KILL THE BAD GUYS, AND RESCUE THE LADIES
			 LA DEE DAH, LA DEE DAH, LALALALALA
			  PRAISE BANANAS!  PRAISE THE BANANAMAN!!!!
			 HE IS THE BAD GUYS' WORST NIGHTMARE
			 AND HE HAS COOL HAIR!
			 LA DEE DAH, LA DEE DAH, LALALALALaaaa
			 PRAISE BANANAS!  PRAISE THE BANANAMAN!!!!
			 BANANAMAN IS THE GREATEST, BANANAMAN IS THE BEST
			 BANANAMAN IS BETTER THAN ALL THE OTHER HEROES!!!!
			 LA DEE DAH, LA DEE DAH, LALALALALaaaa
			 PRAISE BANANAS!  PRAISE THE BANANAMAN!!!!
			 OH BOY, HERE COMES BANANAMAN TO SAVE THE DAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!
	       NO ONE CAN DENY THAT BANANAMAN IS THE BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSTTTTTTTTTTTT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
	       LA DEE DAH, LA DEE DAH, LALALALALALALA
	       PRAISE BANANAS!  PRAISE THE BANANAMAN!!!!
	       LA DEEEEEEE, LA DEE DAH DAH, LALALA, LA DEE DAH DEE DAH DEE DAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
			 
			 ROSALIND
			 
			 Rosalind, panicking, felt a strong hand grab the back of her shirt and hoist her into the cockpit of a plane.
		
			 
			 Now that she was situated slightly higher, Rosalind could see Larry and  Bananaman in the Bananaman's yellowmobile.
			 She was relieved that they were both alive--for now, at least.
			 
			 But then she saw the Bananaman leap into the air in the most heroic mood she'd ever seen him in, in his determination
			 to defeat CK, and Rosalind gasped in admiration and fear.  (she also heard Larry start to play the bananaman theme song on his dragonic record player.  she rolled her eyes)
			 
			 ______________________________
			 
			 The details of the last battle between CK and the Bananaman are too long and laborious to be put into many words.
			 Let it suffice to say that Bananaman died a hero, but a commercial.  His last words reflected how he had lived, and he would have appreciated them.  they were
			 "eat bananas, smell bananas, and be bananas!" before he crumpled heroically in a mush of banana.
			 
			 the CK died rather anticlimactically.  he fell from the sky after his final grapple with the Bananaman, and his final words were
			 "Long live ST. PICKLES!"
			 
			 ________________________________
And What Happened After:


			Larry was heartbroken, until he found another superhero, (Appleman)  to adore, worship, and be a sidekick to. 
			He always remembered Bananaman with fondness.  When he grew up, he became a lame superherodragon, just like his model, Bananaman.  He called himself Plumdragon.
			 He eventually married another superhero, a wacky dragoness called Peachy, though her actual name was Lulu Doodle.
			 They had a whole kaboodle of dragonets, who were all as wacky as them, except two, a boy and a girl, who did not deserve their horriible names, which were Lima and Beanie.  
			All their kids had names like that.
			
			Rosalind eventually figured out that Larry was a real dragon, but that Friedrick was under a seven-year curse to randomly turn into animals.  He had been cursed because
			he used to torment small animals, so a fairy placed a curse on him, and made him guard young Larry (dragons mature very slowly, three dragon years to seven human years), and that is why they were mistaken for dragon brothers.  Because Larry and Friedrick were dragons for a while and could speak the same language, Friedrick told Rosalind that Larry's name was not Larry, but Conner--short for Conflagration, a very common dragon name.
			
			
			Friedrick became famous for his air exploits, and Rosalind became the first woman from Candiland to visit Earth.  
			She landed in medieval England, and met Shakespeare, who named one of his characters after her.
			 
			 Friedrick and Rosalind eventually got married and had ten kids.  
			 
			 Bananaman was worshipped as a hero for millennia, and the CK became, as he should be, no more than a scary bedtime story.
			 
			 I would like to say that Friedrick, Rosalind, and Larry all lived happily forever after, but things like that only happen in storybooks
			 written by people with names like "The brothers Grimm" and "Hans Andersen".  Therefore, since this is an actual story that happened to
			 real people, I cannot say that, since things like spilled milk,, broken bones, and stubbed toes, happen.  I can only say that they lived as 
			 happy and carefree as people can without becoming ridiculous and a cliche.
			 
			 
			                                                                                                                                                                                      THE END
			 
